then he brought me into the sanctuary
then he brought me into the sanctuary and measured the doorposts six cubits
and measured the doorposts six cubits
and measured the doorposts six cubits wide on one side and six cubits wide on
wide on one side and six cubits wide on
wide on one side and six cubits wide on the other side the width of the
the other side the width of the
the other side the width of the tabernacle the width of the entryway was
tabernacle the width of the entryway was
tabernacle the width of the entryway was 10 cubits and the sidewalls of the
10 cubits and the sidewalls of the
10 cubits and the sidewalls of the entrance were five cubits on this side
entrance were five cubits on this side
entrance were five cubits on this side and five cubits on the other side and he
and five cubits on the other side and he
and five cubits on the other side and he measured its length 40 cubits and its
measured its length 40 cubits and its
measured its length 40 cubits and its width 20 cubits also we went inside and
width 20 cubits also we went inside and
width 20 cubits also we went inside and measured the doorposts two cubits and
measured the doorposts two cubits and
measured the doorposts two cubits and the entrance six cubits high and the
the entrance six cubits high and the
the entrance six cubits high and the width of the entrance seven cubits he
width of the entrance seven cubits he
width of the entrance seven cubits he measured the length 20 cubits and the
measured the length 20 cubits and the
measured the length 20 cubits and the width 20 cubits beyond the sanctuary and
width 20 cubits beyond the sanctuary and
width 20 cubits beyond the sanctuary and he said to me this is the most holy
he said to me this is the most holy
he said to me this is the most holy place next he measured the wall of the
place next he measured the wall of the
place next he measured the wall of the temple six cubits the width of each side
temple six cubits the width of each side
temple six cubits the width of each side chamber all around the temple was four
chamber all around the temple was four
chamber all around the temple was four cubits on every side the side chambers
cubits on every side the side chambers
cubits on every side the side chambers were in three stories one above the
were in three stories one above the
were in three stories one above the other thirty chambers in each story they
other thirty chambers in each story they
other thirty chambers in each story they rested on ledges which were for the side
rested on ledges which were for the side
rested on ledges which were for the side chambers all around that they might be
chambers all around that they might be
chambers all around that they might be supported but not fastened to the wall
supported but not fastened to the wall
supported but not fastened to the wall of the temple as one went up from story
of the temple as one went up from story
of the temple as one went up from story to story the side chambers became wider
to story the side chambers became wider
to story the side chambers became wider all around because they're supporting
all around because they're supporting
all around because they're supporting ledges in the wall of the temple
ledges in the wall of the temple
ledges in the wall of the temple ascended like steps
ascended like steps
ascended like steps therefore the width of the structure
therefore the width of the structure
therefore the width of the structure increased as one went up from the lowest
increased as one went up from the lowest
increased as one went up from the lowest story to the highest by way of the
story to the highest by way of the
story to the highest by way of the middle one I also saw an elevation all
middle one I also saw an elevation all
middle one I also saw an elevation all around the temple it was the foundation
around the temple it was the foundation
around the temple it was the foundation of the side chambers a full rod that is
of the side chambers a full rod that is
of the side chambers a full rod that is six cubits high the thickness of the
six cubits high the thickness of the
six cubits high the thickness of the outer wall of the side chambers was five
outer wall of the side chambers was five
outer wall of the side chambers was five cubits and so also the remaining Terrace
cubits and so also the remaining Terrace
cubits and so also the remaining Terrace by the place of the side chambers of the
by the place of the side chambers of the
by the place of the side chambers of the temple and between it and the wall
temple and between it and the wall
temple and between it and the wall chambers was a width of 20 cubits all
chambers was a width of 20 cubits all
chambers was a width of 20 cubits all around the temple on every side
around the temple on every side
around the temple on every side the doors of the side chambers opened on
the doors of the side chambers opened on
the doors of the side chambers opened on the terrace one door toward the north
the terrace one door toward the north
the terrace one door toward the north and another toward the south and the
and another toward the south and the
and another toward the south and the width of the terrace was five cubits all
width of the terrace was five cubits all
width of the terrace was five cubits all around the building that faced the
around the building that faced the
around the building that faced the separating courtyard at its western end
separating courtyard at its western end
separating courtyard at its western end was seventy cubits wide the wall of the
was seventy cubits wide the wall of the
was seventy cubits wide the wall of the building was five cubits thick all
building was five cubits thick all
building was five cubits thick all around and its length ninety cubits so
around and its length ninety cubits so
around and its length ninety cubits so he measured the temple 100 cubits long
he measured the temple 100 cubits long
he measured the temple 100 cubits long and the separating courtyard with the
and the separating courtyard with the
and the separating courtyard with the building and its walls was 100 cubits
building and its walls was 100 cubits
building and its walls was 100 cubits long also the width of the eastern face
long also the width of the eastern face
long also the width of the eastern face of the temple including the separating
of the temple including the separating
of the temple including the separating courtyard was 100 cubits he measured the
courtyard was 100 cubits he measured the
courtyard was 100 cubits he measured the length of the building behind it
length of the building behind it
length of the building behind it facing the separating courtyard with its
facing the separating courtyard with its
facing the separating courtyard with its galleries on the one side and on the
galleries on the one side and on the
galleries on the one side and on the other side 100 cubits as well as the
other side 100 cubits as well as the
other side 100 cubits as well as the inner temple and the porches of the
inner temple and the porches of the
inner temple and the porches of the court their doorposts and the beveled
court their doorposts and the beveled
court their doorposts and the beveled window frames and the galleries all
window frames and the galleries all
window frames and the galleries all around their three storeys opposite the
around their three storeys opposite the
around their three storeys opposite the threshold were paneled with wood from
threshold were paneled with wood from
threshold were paneled with wood from the ground to the windows the windows
the ground to the windows the windows
the ground to the windows the windows were covered from the space above the
were covered from the space above the
were covered from the space above the door even to the inner room as well as
door even to the inner room as well as
door even to the inner room as well as outside and on every wall all around
outside and on every wall all around
outside and on every wall all around inside and outside I measure
inside and outside I measure
inside and outside I measure and it was made with cherubim and palm
and it was made with cherubim and palm
and it was made with cherubim and palm trees a palm tree between cherub and
trees a palm tree between cherub and
trees a palm tree between cherub and cherub each cherub had two faces so that
cherub each cherub had two faces so that
cherub each cherub had two faces so that the face of a man was toward a palm tree
the face of a man was toward a palm tree
the face of a man was toward a palm tree on one side and the face of a young lion
on one side and the face of a young lion
on one side and the face of a young lion toward a palm tree on the other side
toward a palm tree on the other side
toward a palm tree on the other side thus it was made throughout the temple
thus it was made throughout the temple
thus it was made throughout the temple all around from the floor to the space
all around from the floor to the space
all around from the floor to the space above the door and on the wall of the
above the door and on the wall of the
above the door and on the wall of the sanctuary cherubim and palm trees were
sanctuary cherubim and palm trees were
sanctuary cherubim and palm trees were carved the doorposts of the temple were
carved the doorposts of the temple were
carved the doorposts of the temple were square as was the front of the sanctuary
square as was the front of the sanctuary
square as was the front of the sanctuary their appearance was similar the altar
their appearance was similar the altar
their appearance was similar the altar was of wood three cubits high and it's
was of wood three cubits high and it's
was of wood three cubits high and it's length two cubits its corners its length
length two cubits its corners its length
length two cubits its corners its length and its sides were of wood and he said
and its sides were of wood and he said
and its sides were of wood and he said to me this is the table that is before
to me this is the table that is before
to me this is the table that is before the Lord the temple and the sanctuary
the Lord the temple and the sanctuary
the Lord the temple and the sanctuary had two doors the doors had two panels
had two doors the doors had two panels
had two doors the doors had two panels apiece two folding panels two panels for
apiece two folding panels two panels for
apiece two folding panels two panels for one door and two panels for the other
one door and two panels for the other
one door and two panels for the other door cherubim and palm trees were carved
door cherubim and palm trees were carved
door cherubim and palm trees were carved on the doors of the temple just as they
on the doors of the temple just as they
on the doors of the temple just as they were carved on the walls a wooden canopy
were carved on the walls a wooden canopy
were carved on the walls a wooden canopy was on the front of the vestibule
was on the front of the vestibule
was on the front of the vestibule outside there were beveled window frames
outside there were beveled window frames
outside there were beveled window frames and palm trees on one side and on the
and palm trees on one side and on the
and palm trees on one side and on the other on the sides of the vestibule also
other on the sides of the vestibule also
other on the sides of the vestibule also on the side chambers of the temple and
on the side chambers of the temple and
on the side chambers of the temple and on the canopies
on the canopies
on the canopies you